feat(secretstores): Add plugin for JWT tokens (#13577)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/secretstores/jwt/README.md

> # JWT Token Generator
> 
> The JWT Token Generator is a plugin for [Telegraf](https://www.influxdata.com/time-series-platform/telegraf/), which provides a way to generate and manage JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) for multiple users.
> 
> ## Configuration
> 
> The JWT Token Generator can be configured using the following properties:
> 
> - `id`: A unique identifier for the generator.
> - `dynamic`: A boolean that defines whether the JWT tokens should be dynamically updated.
> - `users`: A list of user names for which the JWT tokens are to be generated.
> - `urls`: A list of URLs corresponding to each user, used to generate the JWT tokens.
> - `passwords`: A list of passwords corresponding to each user.
> 
> Please refer to the `sample.conf` file for an example of how to configure the JWT Token Generator.
> 
> ## Usage
> 
> After setting up the configuration, you can use the plugin's methods to manage JWT tokens:
> 
> - `Get(key string)`: Returns the JWT token for the specified user.
> - `Set(key string, value string)`: Sets a new JWT token for a specified user.
> - `List()`: Returns a list of all user names for which JWT tokens are generated.
> 
> Refer to the source code for more details on these methods and their usage.

Reviewer: Please checkout the other plugins and follow the patterns...

```suggestion
# JSON Web Tokens Secret-store Plugin
This plugin allows to retrieve one or more [JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)][jwt] for a HTTP endpoint for multiple users and provide them as secrets to other plugins.

To manage your secrets of this secret-store, you should use Telegraf. Run

` ` `shell
telegraf secrets help
` ` `

to get more information on how to do this.

**Please note:* This plugin can only retrieve JWTs but **cannot set them**!

## Usage <!-- @/docs/includes/secret_usage.md -->

## Configuration

` ` `toml @sample.conf
` ` `

[jwt]: https://jwt.io/
```

You should replace the spaces between the tripple-backticks and run `make docs` before checking.
